[New] Connect TimescaleDB and Grafana (#1223)
timescale/docs: _partials/_cloudtrial.mdx

> <highlight type="important">
> Your Timescale Cloud trial is completely free for you to use for the first
> thirty days. This gives you enough time to complete all our tutorials and run a
> few test projects of your own.
> </highlight>

Reviewer: We can do this now 😉 

```suggestion
<highlight type="cloud" header="Try for free on Timescale Cloud" button="Try for free">
Your Timescale Cloud trial is completely free for you to use for the first
thirty days. This gives you enough time to complete all our tutorials and run a
few test projects of your own.
</highlight>

```
